give me that beat for with the full time
jack mode don't worry scary though I get
back so fun sup that's got lection
blackout coming soon store it a little
bit having fun
nobody cumberland whole you ain't and
sanitation or sanitarium what are you
crazy jay-z or burial how could you drop
out but they have to carry you get hair
plugs out of range is nobody in with the
lava flow just hear a killer homicide
when I'm picking up dust anybody your
mother half is a car crash waiting that
happen I've got my foot on the toes
under closer this game is the nicest
lifeless place devices are not a rapist
I just might this I wouldn't to happen
one take hold I'm really distracted my
new name
the rest of y'all just adjust the back
together just the match I say what I
feel y'all just do that I do the
opposite of yard so I just track the
real audience we are just black no one
blowing they go do Jess match like the
sound of my voice and enjoy judge dragon
hunters tackle the subject black
Republicans nothing I know real cabinet
love it if you don't like it is look in
the river most likely you ain't living
see you don't get you ain't getting
together the language of sweetness so
drawn to you she was starving and do to
you growing up